IN THE AMERICAN SOMEDISTILLERIE
CNN'S MIGUEL MARQUHO
HOW.
>>or THI IL HUS TO AR
SURVIVOR, SAW ANOTHER F
E MN IN.
WE CAN TAKE THAT ALCOHOLND ASOM
PEOPLE ARE IOF.epRROUP NEEDED DP
WOG. THIS ISN TIME
OF AND OF PURPOS THEY STOPPED M
AN THESANITIZER.
>> WE'RE LITAL WHAT TOOURBOND NT
ADD INGREDIENTS LIKEO MAKE M
VISCUOUS ON HANDSND A
L
THE ALCOHOL IS THE HARD RT KNOW.
>> Reporter: J HLATER,
THE FIRST BATC ONLY A FBOS. WAY
THEY WERE ITEOREV MBOLE>> THI B.
WE HAD AND LOTION
BUSINESS WRE EMPLOYED ADDI>> Re
SHE OAKS HADT N STORE, FOR
FREE.
DOES THI WHAT W TO DO THE LAST
KEEP EVEINWE Reporter: SHE'S NO
ENTREPRENEU E T OUT
NO IS HE K
EMPLOYEES G, BUT IFTURNSUTRIGHT
HAPPENING.
PROVIDING THIS PRODUCTMMUNITY.D
>> Reporter: COM T IN
COULDN'T GET ANYD.IF T
NI Y AS HOW MUCH
ARTH IT
THEY'RE GIVGT.OR
PE BUT ANY W , THEY'RE GIVING IY
FOR WHATAT STORY